[Music]
you need to change these settings now to
boost FPS lower input delay and fix
stutters in all games including valant
fortnite CS Go Minecraft or any other
game that you might play hey everyone
it's re here and inside of this video I
will be showing you guys the best
settings and tweaks that you need to
change right now in order to boost FPS
fix FPS drops lower input delay and even
get lower ping in all of the games that
you play but before jumping into the
video just take you second to leave a
like on this video so that it can reach
more people and help them as well and
also make sure to hit the Subscribe
button because a lot of you are watching
these videos without even subscribing
with that let's dive straight into
today's video the first thing that you
need to do is go down into the
description of this video and download
the optimization pack retic from my
website which will be linked in the
description once you go on to my website
the post containing this pack will have
the same thumbnail and the title as this
video that you're watching so go ahead
and download the pack and extract it
using 7zip vinr or whatever you want
once the pack is extracted go ahead and
open it up and we're going to be
starting off with the registry files so
starting up with the CPU spe just go
ahead and right click on it then click
on merge hit yes hit okay and as you can
already guess it's going to optimize the
overall stamp of your windows then for
the fixed keyboard input delay just go
ahead and merge this as well because
this is going to help you with the
overall keyboard input delay you can
even right click and click on edit to
see the credits of the file as well as
what it does so just go ahead and close
out of this then do the same thing for
the game priority optimizations just hit
merge hit yes hit okay and it's going
going to optimize the mmss registry keys
once you're done with the r files just
right click on the disable ning pad and
run it as administrator it's going to go
ahead and disable the Nel algorithm
which has been proven to help with
network issues and also gets you lower
pay so once you're done with that open
up the Nvidia inspector and inside of
here you will find the Nvidia profile
inspector as well as my own custom
profile which contains all of the Hidden
and secret settings for NVIDIA as well
that you cannot change through the
Nvidia control panel so all you need to
do is just go ahead and drag it onto the
Nvidia profile inspector
hit okay and then close out of this then
right click on your desktop open up the
Nvidia control panel now this step is
for only Nvidia users so other users can
skip ahead into the video Once the
control panel opens up click on adjust
image settings with preview and just
make sure that use the advanced 3D image
settings is checked and click on take me
there now your settings should look
similar to mine because you just use my
profile however if any of them is not
the same as mine just go ahead and look
at mine and then change them accordingly
another little thing is that the low
latency mode you should go ahead and set
it to on and if you find it's not
working that great you can always go
ahead and set it to ultra but on is the
one that works best for me also open GL
rendering GPU just go ahead and click on
it and then select your graphics card
other than that everything should be set
perfectly and all you need to do is
click on apply once the settings have
been applied going to change resolution
and just make sure that your refresh
rate is set properly as well as your
resolution adjust as STP color settings
go ahead and bump up the digital
Vibrance by default it will be set to
50% but if you want your game beames and
overall screen to look much brighter and
vibrant and make the colors pop then
just go ahead and set it to around 80%
then adjust desktop size and position go
ahead and set the display scaling mode
onto display and this to no scaling if
you do have the option then for the
adjust video color image settings just
go ahead and use the Nvidia settings
click on advance and set this to full
once you are done with all of these just
go ahead and close out of this and we
can move on to the next step open up
your start menu and search for startup
open up the startup apps and just go
through this list and turn off anything
that you don't want to start up with
your PC for example if I don't want to
start up my Brave browser with my PC I'm
going to go ahead and turn it off it's
going to not only help with the overall
boot time of your PC but as well as the
performance because if these apps boot
up with your windows they're going to be
eating up resources while the windows is
running also go into the apps for
websites and just go ahead and turn off
any of these then go into the apps and
features and then just go through this
whole list and uninstall anything that
you don't use it's not only going to
help you with free up system space but
also the overall performance of your
windows once you're done with this close
out of this and open up your start menu
once again this time search for advanced
system settings then go ahead and open
up the view Advanced system settings
under the performance tab go ahead and
click on the settings and then just go
ahead and copy mine so basically I have
only selected show Shadow under Mouse
pointer show thumbnails instead of icons
show Windows content while dragging
smooth edges of screen font and use drop
shadow for Icon labels on the desktop
this is personal preference and the
lesser amount of things that you check
here the higher the performance margin
you will get but this is my personal
preference and these are the things that
I have checked so you can go ahead and
copy mine if you want but just keep in
mind that less is more so once you're
done with this go ahead and click on
okay hit okay once again and that's it I
hope that this video helped you and if
it did then make sure to hit that like
button down below so that it can reach
more people and help them as well also
make sure to hit the Subscribe button
along with the notification Bell so that
you are notified whenever I upload a
brand new video and and with that I
guess I'll see you in the next one until
then stay awesome
[Music]